FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: investigator@hhmi.org
CC: info@hhmi.org

SUBJECT: Investigator Program follow-up - the deposited record behind an unaffiliated scientist's RAS-directed perioperative program in pancreatic cancer

=== BODY ===
Dear HHMI Investigator Program,

This follows my earlier inquiry about eligibility for an unaffiliated scientist
proposing a RAS-directed perioperative program in pancreatic ductal
adenocarcinoma. The eligibility question stands. This note supplies the record
that the question is really about, because the Investigator Program funds people
rather than projects, and the fair test of a person is what they have deposited.

The attached paper is a disclosure of how that record was produced. Working alone
and directing a single master prompt, I produced an Investigational New Drug
application in four days, two clinical trial protocols, five versions of a
Federal bill with four companion documents in eleven days, and fourteen funding
artifacts, on a one to four day project time scale. The paper carries
twenty-five figures and twenty-five tables across fifty-three pages and was
itself finished inside three days. Section 7's Table 24 lists five separately
deposited, separately dated instances of model peer review across those works and
the specific change each one produced; in the first, an independent triple review
moved a machine learning workflow from 67.3 percent to 94.0 percent test-set
accuracy by changing the model class.

I want to be direct about what the paper does and does not claim on my behalf. It
does not claim that a single unaffiliated scientist can substitute for an
institution. Four of the seven instruments the program still needs are
institutional and cannot be obtained by writing: a qualified site, an operating
room, a pathology service and an institutional review board of record. It does
claim that the documentary and analytical layers of a program at this scale no
longer require a group, and it shows the branch history rather than asserting it.

The Investigator Program's requirement of a host institution is the reason for
the original inquiry. If the answer is that eligibility requires affiliation, I
would be grateful to know whether a nomination through a partnering cancer center
is workable, and at what stage.

I remain an unaffiliated independent scientist intending to partner at UC San
Diego Moores Cancer Center at the feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is not a
sponsor, site, or endorser of this work.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
August 14, 2026
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE, IN THIS ORDER
1. Pancreatic Cancer LLM Clinical Trial System: From IND to Protocol to
   Legislation, Funding, and AI Peer Review. Draft 1.0, San Diego,
   August 14, 2026. Fifty-three pages, 25 figures, 25 tables.
   Compile from new-trial-system/final-new-trial/update-final:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   DOI to be asserted on deposit; state "DOI pending" until Zenodo issues it.
2. app-07-hhmi-investigator.pdf, the original eligibility inquiry, unchanged.
3. AI Peer Review Acceleration of LLM-Generated Glioblastoma Clinical Trial
   Patient Matching ML, FDA/ICH/ISO, and FastAPI.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17752127
4. Investigational New Drug Application - Daraxonrasib, Phase 1, LLM-Directed
   Robotic Whipple in KRAS-Mutated PDAC.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21097442
5. Oncology Trial PI LLM Adoption Guide.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20843290

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both HHMI addresses against the current Investigator Program contact
  page, and confirm whether the competition is open before writing as though it
  is.
- State the affiliation position plainly in the first paragraph; do not imply an
  institutional appointment that does not exist.
- Do not describe daraxonrasib as first-in-human anywhere.
- Replace "DOI pending" with the issued DOI if Zenodo has minted one.
- Confirm the compiled paper is fifty-three pages and that every DOI opens.
- Confirm no sentence describes UC San Diego as a partner, sponsor, site, or
  endorser.
