FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: sc.genesis@science.doe.gov
CC: sc.asc@science.doe.gov

SUBJECT: Genesis Mission white paper follow-up - a documented physical AI production method for the operating room robotics testbed, Phase 1 PDAC

=== BODY ===
Dear Genesis Mission Office,

This follows my earlier white paper proposing a robotics mission testbed for
physical AI in a human operating room, built around a Phase 1 pancreatic cancer
trial. The testbed proposal is unchanged. This note adds the production method
behind it, which is now deposited as a paper rather than described in a
paragraph.

Executive Order 14363 directs an integrated AI platform bringing together
Federal computing, data and research resources, and the Secretary of Energy to
identify twenty national science and technology challenges. Verified physical AI
in a human operating room is a candidate challenge with an unusual property: the
verification question is upstream of the compute question. The attached paper is
the evidence that one author can produce the regulatory, protocol, legislative
and funding layers of such a challenge on a one to four day project time scale,
which means a national testbed's document layer is not the constraint.

The specifics are in the paper. An Investigational New Drug application assembled
in four days across twelve modules under 21 CFR 312. A Phase 1 first-in-human
study at n = 18 using a 3+3 escalation behind a Phase 0 gate of at least 1000
simulations across two frameworks, and a Phase 2 randomized study at n = 220
across eight centers targeting a hazard ratio of 0.60. Five bill versions with
four companion documents in eleven days. A virtual trial projected at $36,330
against an industry benchmark above $120,000 per run. Twenty-five figures and
twenty-five tables across fifty-three pages, all of it finished inside three
days, with every figure specified in machine-readable form rather than drawn as
an image.

For a Genesis reviewer the relevant section is 7, because it explains the
verification of the output rather than the output itself. Three model
manufacturers review one frozen artifact and its recorded hash concurrently, with
a human principal investigator holding final authority; two of five disagreement
dispositions stop the artifact rather than passing it. Nothing in it is a
substitute for regulatory review, and the paper states that limit explicitly.

I remain a single independent performer intending to partner at UC San Diego
Moores Cancer Center at the feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is not a
sponsor, site, or endorser of this work.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
August 14, 2026
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE, IN THIS ORDER
1. Pancreatic Cancer LLM Clinical Trial System: From IND to Protocol to
   Legislation, Funding, and AI Peer Review. Draft 1.0, San Diego,
   August 14, 2026. Fifty-three pages, 25 figures, 25 tables.
   Compile from new-trial-system/final-new-trial/update-final:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   DOI to be asserted on deposit; state "DOI pending" until Zenodo issues it.
2. app-04-doe-genesis-mission.pdf, the original white paper, unchanged.
3. QSP Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer AI Clinical Trial Simulation: From Protocol
   to Digital Twin.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17001137
4. National Platform for Physical AI Oncology Trials.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.19244918
5. Verification Before Generation Act of 2026.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20485580

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- Executive Order 14363, Launching the Genesis Mission, November 24, 2025.
- ASME V&V 40 and ICH M15, the two standards the credibility score is scored
  against.

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both DOE Office of Science addresses against the current Genesis
  Mission contact page.
- Keep the $36,330 figure described as projected rather than estimated.
- Do not describe the operating room work as a DOE facility activity; it is a
  clinical study conducted at a cancer center under FDA oversight.
- Replace "DOI pending" with the issued DOI if Zenodo has minted one.
- Confirm the compiled paper is fifty-three pages and that every DOI opens.
- Confirm no sentence describes UC San Diego as a partner, sponsor, site, or
  endorser.
