FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: solicitations@arpa-h.gov
CC: info@arpa-h.gov

SUBJECT: Proposal abstract follow-up - the production method behind the 36-month milestone-bounded Phase 1 robotic Whipple, now deposited with its gate evidence

=== BODY ===
Dear ARPA-H Mission Office,

Following my earlier proposal abstract for a 36-month, milestone-bounded Phase 1
study combining perioperative daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) with a staged eight-arm
robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy and an on-premises advisory language model, I am
sending the method paper that documents how the program's artifacts are produced
and checked. The gate schedule, the kill criteria, and the budget are unchanged.

The reason this matters to a program manager is throughput against a gate. ARPA
programs fail on the calendar more often than on the science, and the attached
paper is a measured account of a production system that removes the calendar
risk from the document layer. One author produced an Investigational New Drug
application in four days, two clinical trial protocols, five bill versions with
four companion documents in eleven days, and fourteen funding artifacts, each
committed and pushed at the moment it was written so the branch history is the
production record rather than a report about it. The paper itself, with
twenty-five figures and twenty-five tables across fifty-three pages, was finished
inside three days, and major revisions to it run on a one to two day scale.

For Gate 1 in particular, this changes what a twelve-month checkpoint can be
asked to carry. If IND activity, arm-level stop latency under 3 milliseconds and
system-wide stop under 500 milliseconds are the criteria, then the documentary
work supporting them is no longer on the critical path; the measurement is. The
program's first eighteen months do not have to be spent writing.

Section 7 states the review regime that clears every artifact before deposit.
Three model manufacturers read one frozen artifact and its recorded hash in
parallel, with the human principal investigator holding final authority and two
of five disagreement dispositions stopping the artifact rather than passing it.
That is an auditable gate rather than a narrative progress review, which is the
distinction the ARPA model already asks for.

The request is unchanged at $2,100,000 over 36 months, $700,000 per year, with no
cost share. I remain a single independent performer intending to partner at UC
San Diego Moores Cancer Center at the feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is not
a sponsor, site, or endorser of this work.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
August 14, 2026
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE, IN THIS ORDER
1. Pancreatic Cancer LLM Clinical Trial System: From IND to Protocol to
   Legislation, Funding, and AI Peer Review. Draft 1.0, San Diego,
   August 14, 2026. Fifty-three pages, 25 figures, 25 tables.
   Compile from new-trial-system/final-new-trial/update-final:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   DOI to be asserted on deposit; state "DOI pending" until Zenodo issues it.
2. app-02-arpa-h.pdf, the original five-page abstract with the gate schedule,
   the authority boundaries, the surgical measures, and the budget by layer.
3. Investigational New Drug Application - Daraxonrasib, Phase 1, LLM-Directed
   Robotic Whipple in KRAS-Mutated PDAC.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21097442
4. QSP Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer AI Clinical Trial Simulation: From Protocol
   to Digital Twin.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17001137
5. AI Peer Review Acceleration of LLM-Generated Glioblastoma Clinical Trial
   Patient Matching ML, FDA/ICH/ISO, and FastAPI.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17752127

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both addresses against the current ARPA-H contact page, and check
  whether an open solicitation requires submission through a portal instead of
  by email. If a portal is open, send this as a courtesy notice only.
- Do not describe daraxonrasib as first-in-human anywhere.
- Keep the $36,330 simulation figure described as projected, not estimated, and
  keep the industry benchmark stated as $120,000 to $2,000,000 per run.
- Replace "DOI pending" with the issued DOI if Zenodo has minted one.
- Confirm the compiled paper is fifty-three pages and that every DOI opens.
- Confirm no sentence describes UC San Diego as a partner, sponsor, site, or
  endorser.
