FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: info@fnih.org
CC: partnerships@fnih.org

SUBJECT: Partnership concept follow-up - the pre-competitive perioperative RAS consortium, with the shared evidence layer now documented

=== BODY ===
Dear Foundation for the National Institutes of Health,

This follows my earlier partnership concept for a pre-competitive perioperative
RAS consortium in resectable KRAS-mutated pancreatic cancer. The consortium
structure is unchanged. What I am adding is the part a pre-competitive
partnership actually depends on: a documented, reusable evidence layer that no
single member has to build twice.

The attached paper describes that layer. One author produced an Investigational
New Drug application in four days, a Phase 1 first-in-human protocol at n = 18
behind a Phase 0 gate of at least 1000 simulations across two frameworks, and a
Phase 2 randomized protocol at n = 220 across eight centers targeting a hazard
ratio of 0.60. Every figure in the paper is a machine-readable specification
rather than an image, which is the property that makes an artifact shareable
across a consortium: a member who wants to change a figure edits its coordinates,
and the next document reads the specification rather than redrawing the picture.
Twenty-five specifications total about 158 KB.

The pre-competitive case is strongest at the review layer, which is Section 7.
Under the prior arrangement each member's manuscript enters a separate seven to
eight week human round after completion. Under the arrangement described here,
three model manufacturers read one frozen artifact and its recorded hash
concurrently, before deposit, with a human principal investigator holding final
authority; corrections land in the artifact rather than in an erratum, and the
review findings are deposited beside the work rather than withheld from it. For a
consortium whose value is shared evidence, review that is public and pre-release
is worth more than review that is private and post-release.

The clinical stakes are the reason the timing is worth arguing about at all. US
pancreatic cancer deaths ran about 51,980 in 2025, about 142 a day, so a
best-case review round spans roughly 7,400 of them. The paper is careful to say
that review does not cause those deaths; the point is that latency is a quantity
a consortium can choose to reduce.

I remain an unaffiliated independent scientist intending to partner at UC San
Diego Moores Cancer Center at the feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is not a
sponsor, site, or endorser of this work.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
August 14, 2026
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE, IN THIS ORDER
1. Pancreatic Cancer LLM Clinical Trial System: From IND to Protocol to
   Legislation, Funding, and AI Peer Review. Draft 1.0, San Diego,
   August 14, 2026. Fifty-three pages, 25 figures, 25 tables.
   Compile from new-trial-system/final-new-trial/update-final:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   DOI to be asserted on deposit; state "DOI pending" until Zenodo issues it.
2. app-06-fnih-amp.pdf, the original partnership concept, unchanged.
3. A Phase 2, Daraxonrasib and LLM Guided Robotic PDAC Whipple Procedure,
   Clinical Trial Protocol.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20807027
4. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
5. AI Peer Review Acceleration of LLM-Generated Glioblastoma Clinical Trial
   Patient Matching ML, FDA/ICH/ISO, and FastAPI.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17752127

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555
- Siegel RL et al. Cancer Statistics, 2025. CA Cancer J Clin. 2025;75(1):10-45.
  https://doi.org/10.3322/caac.21871

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both FNIH addresses against the current contact page, and confirm
  whether partnership concepts are received by email or through a form.
- Name no company as a consortium member. The concept is pre-competitive and no
  sponsor has agreed to anything.
- Do not describe daraxonrasib as first-in-human anywhere.
- Replace "DOI pending" with the issued DOI if Zenodo has minted one.
- Confirm the compiled paper is fifty-three pages and that every DOI opens.
- Confirm no sentence describes UC San Diego as a partner, sponsor, site, or
  endorser.
