FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: HRHR@od.nih.gov
CC: commonfund@mail.nih.gov

SUBJECT: Pioneer Award follow-up - the method paper behind the Phase 1 LLM-advised robotic Whipple application, with the four-day IND and the AI peer review record

=== BODY ===
Dear NIH High-Risk, High-Reward Research Program,

This is a short follow-up to my earlier Pioneer Award inquiry regarding a Phase 1
LLM-advised robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy with perioperative daraxonrasib
(RMC-6236) in KRAS-mutated PDAC. Nothing about the science has changed. What has
changed is that the method behind it is now written down and deposited, and it
is the part of the application a Pioneer reviewer is most likely to question.

The attached paper discloses the production system in full. One author, directing
a single master prompt, produced an Investigational New Drug application in four
days, two clinical trial protocols, five versions of a Federal bill with four
companion documents in eleven days, and fourteen funding artifacts. The paper
carries twenty-five figures and twenty-five tables across fifty-three pages, and
it was itself finished inside three days. Every figure is a machine-readable
specification rather than an image, so a reviewer who doubts one reads its
coordinates rather than measuring a rendering.

Section 7 is the section I would ask a Pioneer reviewer to read first, because it
answers the obvious objection to a single-investigator program at this output
rate. Review is conducted during development, not after completion, by three
model manufacturers reading one frozen artifact and its recorded hash: Anthropic
in the production role, OpenAI as first independent reviewer, Google as second,
with the human principal investigator holding final authority and two of five
disagreement dispositions stopping the artifact rather than passing it. The
measured comparison is stated rather than asserted. A best-case human round is
seven to eight weeks; three model reports arrive the same day. The source study
that established the method carried a fourteen-day workflow at a total model
spend of thirty-five dollars.

The reason to care about the latency is clinical rather than administrative. US
pancreatic cancer deaths ran about 51,980 in 2025, which is about 142 a day. One
best-case review round spans roughly 7,400 of them. That arithmetic does not make
peer review culpable for anything, and the paper says so plainly; it makes review
latency a quantity a Pioneer program should be allowed to optimize.

The Pioneer request itself is unchanged. I remain an unaffiliated independent
scientist intending to partner at UC San Diego Moores Cancer Center at the
feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is not a sponsor, site, or endorser of this
work.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
August 14, 2026
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE, IN THIS ORDER
1. Pancreatic Cancer LLM Clinical Trial System: From IND to Protocol to
   Legislation, Funding, and AI Peer Review. Draft 1.0, San Diego,
   August 14, 2026. Fifty-three pages, 25 figures, 25 tables.
   Compile from new-trial-system/final-new-trial/update-final:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   DOI to be asserted on deposit; state "DOI pending" until Zenodo issues it.
2. Investigational New Drug Application - Daraxonrasib, Phase 1, LLM-Directed
   Robotic Whipple in KRAS-Mutated PDAC.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21097442
3. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
4. AI Peer Review Acceleration of LLM-Generated Glioblastoma Clinical Trial
   Patient Matching ML, FDA/ICH/ISO, and FastAPI.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17752127
5. app-01-nih-pioneer-award.pdf, the original five-page inquiry, unchanged.

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555
- Siegel RL et al. Cancer Statistics, 2025. CA Cancer J Clin. 2025;75(1):10-45.
  https://doi.org/10.3322/caac.21871

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm the HRHR and Common Fund addresses against the current NIH contact
  page; the High-Risk, High-Reward inbox has changed before.
- Do not describe daraxonrasib as first-in-human anywhere. The supportable claim
  is the first prospective clinical evaluation of the integrated surgical and
  LLM advisory workflow, subject to FDA and institutional confirmation.
- The paper is a method disclosure, not a Pioneer application. Say so in the
  first line of any cover note so it is not logged as a duplicate submission.
- Replace "DOI pending" with the issued DOI if Zenodo has minted one before you
  send.
- Confirm the compiled paper is fifty-three pages and that every DOI opens.
- Confirm no sentence describes UC San Diego as a partner, sponsor, site, or
  endorser.
