FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: tip@nsf.gov
CC: info@nsf.gov

SUBJECT: X-Labs concept follow-up - the operating method for an independent research organization in physical AI surgical oncology, now documented end to end

=== BODY ===
Dear NSF Technology, Innovation and Partnerships Directorate,

This follows my earlier X-Labs concept outline for an independent research
organization in physical AI surgical oncology built around a Phase 1 pancreatic
cancer trial. The concept is unchanged. What is new is that the organization's
operating method is now disclosed as a paper rather than described as an
intention, which is the thing an X-Labs reviewer has to be able to evaluate
before an organization exists to evaluate.

The attached paper is that disclosure. It reports one author, directing a single
master prompt, producing an Investigational New Drug application in four days,
two clinical trial protocols, five versions of a Federal bill with four companion
documents in eleven days, and fourteen funding artifacts on a one to four day
project time scale. It carries twenty-five figures and twenty-five tables across
fifty-three pages and was finished inside three days. The method is written to be
copied: the master prompt is filed verbatim, the eight-stage schedule is filed,
every figure is a machine-readable specification with an absolute-coordinate
construction table, and the commit history is the production record.

Two things in it bear directly on the X-Labs question of whether a small
organization can carry work at national scale. The first is Section 5, which
takes five versions of H. R. 9510, the Verification Before Generation in Physical
AI Oncology Trials Act, from findings through a financial data amendment, and
draws the six actors and eleven duties the statute creates. The second is
Section 7, which is why the volume is trustworthy: three model manufacturers
review one frozen artifact concurrently before deposit, with a human principal
investigator holding final authority. A best-case human round is seven to eight
weeks; three model reports arrive the same day, and the corrections land in the
artifact rather than in an erratum.

The organizational ask is unchanged. I remain an unaffiliated independent
scientist intending to partner at UC San Diego Moores Cancer Center at the
feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is not a sponsor, site, or endorser of this
work.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
August 14, 2026
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE, IN THIS ORDER
1. Pancreatic Cancer LLM Clinical Trial System: From IND to Protocol to
   Legislation, Funding, and AI Peer Review. Draft 1.0, San Diego,
   August 14, 2026. Fifty-three pages, 25 figures, 25 tables.
   Compile from new-trial-system/final-new-trial/update-final:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   DOI to be asserted on deposit; state "DOI pending" until Zenodo issues it.
2. app-03-nsf-tip-x-labs.pdf, the original concept outline, unchanged.
3. National Platform for Physical AI Oncology Trials.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.19244918
4. H. R. 9510 (Bill v5.0) 2026, Verification Before Generation in Physical AI
   Oncology Trials Act.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20619762
5. Earning the Clinician's Trust: New Framework for Verified Physical AI
   Oncology Trials.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20710602

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- Winning the Race: America's AI Action Plan. The White House, July 23, 2025.
- Executive Order 14363, Launching the Genesis Mission, November 24, 2025.

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both NSF addresses against the current TIP contact page and check
  whether a Dear Colleague Letter or an open X-Labs call requires a portal
  submission instead of email.
- Present the bill as an author-drafted legislative proposal. It is not
  introduced legislation and must never be described as pending before Congress.
- Replace "DOI pending" with the issued DOI if Zenodo has minted one.
- Confirm the compiled paper is fifty-three pages and that every DOI opens.
- Confirm no sentence describes UC San Diego as a partner, sponsor, site, or
  endorser.
