FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: info@convergentresearch.org
CC: fro@convergentresearch.org

SUBJECT: FRO concept follow-up - the time-bound organization for perioperative RAS evidence, with the throughput claim now measured

=== BODY ===
Dear Convergent Research,

This follows my earlier FRO concept for a time-bound organization producing
perioperative RAS evidence in pancreatic cancer. The concept is unchanged. What
this note adds is the measurement behind the throughput claim, which is the claim
an FRO lives or dies on: a focused research organization is only worth standing
up if it can produce, inside its fixed lifetime, something the existing system
structurally cannot.

The attached paper measures exactly that. One author, one master prompt, on a one
to four day project time scale: an Investigational New Drug application in four
days, two clinical trial protocols, five versions of a Federal bill with four
companion documents in eleven days, fourteen funding artifacts, and this
fifty-three page paper with twenty-five figures and twenty-five tables finished
inside three days. Major revisions to it run on a one to two day scale.

The structural argument is in Section 7, and it is the FRO argument in a different
vocabulary. The existing system's review layer takes seven to eight weeks per
round in its best case and several months typically. That was already the binding
constraint at eight deposited works a year; at more than thirty in 2026 it is not
a constraint but an exclusion, and the work simply does not enter it. An
organization whose output rate exceeds the review system's absorption rate has to
carry its own review, and this one does: three model manufacturers read one
frozen artifact and its recorded hash concurrently before deposit, with a human
principal investigator holding final authority and two of five disagreement
dispositions stopping the artifact rather than passing it.

The paper is also explicit about what a time-bound organization cannot produce by
writing. Seven institutional instruments remain absent and none can be obtained
by the company alone: a qualified site, an operating room, a pathology service,
an institutional review board of record, a drug supply agreement, a device
acceptance certificate, and a clinical trial agreement. That register is the FRO's
actual scope of work, and the paper ends on it deliberately.

I remain an unaffiliated independent scientist intending to partner at UC San
Diego Moores Cancer Center at the feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is not a
sponsor, site, or endorser of this work.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
August 14, 2026
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE, IN THIS ORDER
1. Pancreatic Cancer LLM Clinical Trial System: From IND to Protocol to
   Legislation, Funding, and AI Peer Review. Draft 1.0, San Diego,
   August 14, 2026. Fifty-three pages, 25 figures, 25 tables.
   Compile from new-trial-system/final-new-trial/update-final:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   DOI to be asserted on deposit; state "DOI pending" until Zenodo issues it.
2. app-09-convergent-fro.pdf, the original FRO concept, unchanged.
3. From Independent Scientist to Novel Performer: A Small-Business Operating,
   Milestone-Bounded Capitalization Plan.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21887807
4. AI Peer Review Acceleration of LLM-Generated Glioblastoma Clinical Trial
   Patient Matching ML, FDA/ICH/ISO, and FastAPI.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17752127
5. National Platform for Physical AI Oncology Trials.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.19244918

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- Scannell JW et al. Diagnosing the decline in pharmaceutical R&D efficiency.
  Nat Rev Drug Discov. 2012.
- Azoulay P et al. Incentives and creativity: evidence from the academic life
  sciences. RAND J Econ. 2011.

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both Convergent Research addresses against the current contact page,
  and confirm whether FRO concepts are received by email or through a form.
- Keep the seven-instrument register in the body; it is the honest scope
  statement and removing it would overstate what the organization can do alone.
- Replace "DOI pending" with the issued DOI if Zenodo has minted one.
- Confirm the compiled paper is fifty-three pages and that every DOI opens.
- Confirm no sentence describes UC San Diego as a partner, sponsor, site, or
  endorser.
