FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: [Screening or applications address, from the organization's own contact page]
    Tech Coast Angels, San Diego network - https://www.techcoastangels.com
    San Diego Angel Conference at USD - https://sandiegoangelconference.com

CC: [None. Send one letter per organization, never a combined recipient list]

SUBJECT: San Diego pancreatic oncology company - request for a screening conversation, not a pitch slot

=== BODY ===
Dear Screening Committee,

I am the chief executive of ChemicalQDevice, a San Diego company working on
verification-first artificial intelligence for oncology clinical trials. I am
writing to ask for a screening conversation rather than a pitch slot, because I
would rather find out early whether this is the wrong fit than take a slot from a
company that is the right one.

What the company does, in three sentences. It develops a governed, advisory-only
large language model layer for robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy in KRAS-mutated
pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, together with the regulatory and protocol
package a Phase 1 trial of that workflow requires. Its output is public: a
repository carrying a Phase 1 protocol, a Phase 2 protocol, an investigational
new drug application, quantitative trial simulations with their verification
notebooks, and a full site documentation package. Everything a diligence process
would ask for in week one is already published, dated, and citable.

Why now. On August 26, 2026 the FDA approved Rasonque (daraxonrasib) as the
first-in-class targeted therapy for metastatic pancreatic cancer. In June 2025,
fourteen months earlier, this company's method identified a daraxonrasib
combination as its lead candidate from a review of forty pancreatic ductal
adenocarcinoma meta-analyses, and in August 2025 a ten-arm simulation returned
median overall survival of 12.8 months against 5.4 for chemotherapy. In May 2026
RASolute 302 reported 13.2 against 6.6 in previously treated metastatic disease.
The simulated ratio was 2.4-fold and the observed was 2.0-fold. That proximity is
a chronology observation and a hypothesis-supporting one, not a validation claim,
and three differences are material: 1000 simulated against 241 enrolled, a
combination against a single agent, and KRAS G12C against a primarily G12D and
G12V population.

What the capital question looks like, described and not offered. A federal Small
Business Innovation Research route would supply roughly $1.6 million over
thirty-three months. The five-year program is $3.5 million in direct cost. The
gap is about $2.1 million, and closing it is what private capital would be for.
The company is examining three instruments for that purpose and has selected
none. **This letter is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy
any security, and no offering exists.**

What I am asking for. Thirty minutes with whoever screens life science and
medical device submissions in your group, to answer two questions: whether a
company whose primary output to date is regulatory and computational rather than
clinical is inside your mandate at all, and if it is, what the group would want
to see before a formal submission.

I would welcome a short call at your convenience.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 03Sep26-private-capital-bridge.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Thirteen pages. No DOI is asserted for this document.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. None. Everything else is linked, not attached. A first letter carrying four
   attachments is a first letter that does not get read.

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- The public repository:
  https://github.com/kevinkawchak/physical-ai-oncology-trials
- FDA. FDA Approves First-in-Class Targeted Therapy for Metastatic Pancreatic
  Cancer. August 26, 2026.
  https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-class-targeted-therapy-metastatic-pancreatic-cancer

BEFORE SENDING
- Replace the bracketed address with the screening or applications address from
  the organization's own contact page. Do not guess an individual's address.
- Send one letter per organization. Never put two organizations on one recipient
  line; an angel group that sees a competitor in the header stops reading.
- Confirm the letter contains no offering term: no valuation, no cap, no
  discount, no minimum, no closing date. Rule 506(b) permits no general
  solicitation, and this letter must read as a request for a conversation.
- Confirm the sentence beginning "This letter is not an offer to sell" is present
  and unedited.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human.
- Confirm no institution is described as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
- Confirm the three material differences appear in the same paragraph as the
  simulation numbers.
