FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: ExternalResearch@revmed.com

CC: grants@revmed.com, medinfo@revmed.com, BD@revmed.com

SUBJECT: Investigator-sponsored resectable PDAC study - request for a scientific feasibility conversation and the next External Sponsored Research submission window

=== BODY ===
Dear External Sponsored Research Team,

Congratulations on the approval of Rasonque. I am writing for the first time, as
the chief executive of a San Diego small business, to ask for a scientific
feasibility conversation about an investigator-sponsored study in a setting your
approved indication does not cover.

I want to be exact about what I am and am not asking, because I know this mailbox
receives a great many requests that are neither.

I am not asking for a commitment of drug, funding, or regulatory support in this
letter. I am asking for a conversation, and for the date of the next External
Sponsored Research submission window. The public portal has indicated that
submissions are closed, and I would rather ask when it opens than submit into a
closed window.

The proposed study is a Phase 1, open-label, single-arm, 3+3 dose escalation in
up to 18 participants with resectable or borderline-resectable KRAS G12-mutated
pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. It combines perioperative daraxonrasib with a
staged robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy and an on-premises large language model
whose output is strictly advisory: the model process holds no write credential to
the electronic data capture system and no route to the robot control network, and
the operating surgeon approves every motion. Co-primary endpoints are 30-day
device-related or procedure-related serious adverse events, dose-limiting
toxicity with determination of the maximum tolerated dose or recommended Phase 2
dose, and completion of protocol-assigned robotic tasks without unsafe
conversion.

The perioperative, resectable setting is not the approved indication and remains
investigational. Nothing in this letter suggests otherwise, and an
investigational new drug application would still be required.

There is one piece of history worth stating plainly, because it explains why this
letter comes from a company you have not heard from before. In June 2025 my
method identified a daraxonrasib combination as its lead candidate from a review
of forty pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma meta-analyses. In August 2025 a ten-arm
quantitative systems pharmacology simulation returned median overall survival of
12.8 months against 5.4 for chemotherapy. In May 2026 RASolute 302 reported 13.2
against 6.6 in previously treated metastatic disease. The simulated ratio was
2.4-fold and the observed ratio was 2.0-fold. That proximity is a chronology
observation and a hypothesis-supporting one; it is not a validation claim, and
three differences are material: 1000 simulated against 241 enrolled, a
combination against a single agent, and KRAS G12C against a primarily G12D and
G12V population.

Eight items I would want to cover in a conversation, listed so that whoever takes
the call can bring the right people.

1. Scientific feasibility of the perioperative concept in resectable disease.
2. Whether the company would consider drug supply, research funding, or both.
3. Access to current labeled product information and, if applicable, the
   Investigator's Brochure for investigational settings.
4. A Letter of Authorization allowing FDA to reference chemistry, manufacturing,
   pharmacology, toxicology and safety information in your files.
5. Medical monitor and pharmacovigilance requirements.
6. Guidance on dose, washout, perioperative interruption, drug accountability and
   safety reporting.
7. Overlap or competition with your own sponsored studies.
8. The date of the next External Sponsored Research submission window.

Attached is a one-page nonconfidential overview and a two-page clinical synopsis.
I have deliberately not attached the full document package; it is public and
linked below if your team wants it.

I would welcome a short call at your convenience.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 03Sep26-private-capital-bridge.pdf, pages 1 to 3 only.
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Send the cover and the first two sections as the nonconfidential overview.
   Do not send the capital sections to a drug developer; they are not relevant
   to a feasibility conversation and invite a question this letter is not asking.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. A two-page clinical synopsis extracted from:
   On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
2. A one-page biosketch.
3. A preliminary budget range, one page, from the SBIR Phase I and Phase II
   split in funding/pdac-funding-applications/applications/app-05-nih-sbir-seed.
4. A one-page dependency matrix: what this study needs from the developer, from
   a site, and from FDA, and what it needs from none of them.

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- FDA. FDA Approves First-in-Class Targeted Therapy for Metastatic Pancreatic
  Cancer. August 26, 2026.
  https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-class-targeted-therapy-metastatic-pancreatic-cancer
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm all four addresses against the developer's current external research
  and contact pages on the day of sending.
- Confirm the total attachment set is five pages or fewer plus the two-page
  synopsis. The full LaTeX package is not sent.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human.
- Confirm no sentence implies the approval covers the perioperative use, or that
  an investigational new drug application is no longer required.
- Confirm no sentence describes any prior contact with this developer. This is
  the first approach of any kind.
- Confirm no manufacturer, model, arm count, or software version is asserted for
  the robotic platform.
- Confirm no institution is described as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
- Do not send any capital or valuation material with this letter.
