FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: [Securities counsel of record, or the firm's new-matter intake address]

CC: [None]

SUBJECT: Engagement request - one instrument, two filings, and one SBIR eligibility question

=== BODY ===
Dear Counsel,

I would like to engage you for a narrow, defined scope rather than an open retainer, and I have written the scope out below so that you can price it before we speak.

ChemicalQDevice LLC is a California single-member limited liability company formed in October 2021. It is a for-profit small business pursuing federal Small Business Innovation Research funding and, separately, a private financing to cover the portion of its program that the federal route does not fund. The program is a Phase 1 pancreatic cancer trial of a governed advisory system for robotic surgery. Nothing has been offered or sold, and no term sheet, SAFE, or subscription agreement exists.

The scope, in four items.

Item one. Selection between three instruments for a raise of roughly $2.1 million: a post-money simple agreement for future equity, a convertible promissory note, and a priced preferred seed round. I have prepared a comparison of the three across eight attributes and will send it with this letter. I want your view on the two attributes I am least able to judge: which instrument creates the cleanest cap table for a later institutional round, and which creates the fewest problems if the company converts from a limited liability company to a corporation.

Item two. The SBIR eligibility question, which I believe is the single most consequential item in this engagement. Under 13 CFR 121.702, majority ownership by multiple venture capital operating companies, hedge funds, or private equity firms changes SBIR eligibility and at some agencies requires a separate authorization. My reading is that an unconverted convertible instrument does not change the ownership answer today and that a priced round transferring majority ownership does. I would like that reading confirmed or corrected in writing before any instrument is signed, because the answer determines the instrument rather than the other way around.

Item three. Two filings, prepared but not filed until after a first sale: a Form D under Regulation D Rule 506(b) through EDGAR, due within fifteen days of the first sale, and the California Section 25102(f) limited offering exemption notice. I have prepared field-level drafts of both.

Item four. A conflict of interest and financial disclosure review under 21 CFR part 54. I am chief executive of the sponsor and hold the whole of it. I am not, and will not be, a clinical investigator on the trial: the investigator role sits wholly with the clinical site. I would like that separation documented in a way that survives an FDA review of investigator financial disclosure, and I would like to know whether any of the three instruments in item one weakens it.

Two constraints on the engagement. First, no general solicitation has occurred and none will; all outreach to date has asked for conversations and has described no security. Second, the company's entire technical and regulatory output is public, which simplifies diligence and complicates confidentiality; I would like ten minutes on whether that creates any issue you would want addressed before an offering.

Please let me know your availability and an estimate for the scope above.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice LLC
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 03Sep26-private-capital-bridge.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Thirteen pages. Sections 3 and 4 are the ones relevant to this engagement.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. briefs/brief-01-instrument-comparison.md from this day directory, as a PDF or
   pasted into the body.
2. briefs/brief-02-firewall-and-part-54.md from this day directory.
3. forms/form-01-reg-d-506b-form-d.md and forms/form-02-california-25102f-notice.md
   from this day directory, as the field-level drafts referred to in item three.
4. The company's operating agreement and its formation documents.

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- SEC. Rule 506(b) of Regulation D.
  https://www.sec.gov/education/smallbusiness/exemptofferings/rule506b
- 13 CFR 121.702, SBIR and STTR size and eligibility standards.
  https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-13/chapter-I/part-121
- 21 CFR part 54, Financial Disclosure by Clinical Investigators.
  https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-21/chapter-I/subchapter-A/part-54

BEFORE SENDING
- Replace the bracketed address with counsel of record or the firm's new-matter
  intake address.
- Confirm that item two is stated as a question to be confirmed or corrected, and
  never as a conclusion the company has already relied on.
- Confirm no sentence states that an offering exists or that any instrument has
  been selected.
- Confirm the operating agreement attached is the current executed version.
- Do not send this letter to more than one firm without saying so in it. Counsel
  who learn later that a scope was shopped price the next engagement accordingly.
