FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: actri-ctss@health.ucsd.edu

CC: octa@health.ucsd.edu

SUBJECT: Clinical Trial Support Services request - one coordinated start-up call, and a sponsor-investigator determination

=== BODY ===
Dear Clinical Trial Support Services,

I am asking for one coordinated start-up call rather than approaching ten offices with ten versions of the same protocol, because the second approach wastes your colleagues' time and produces answers that contradict each other.

ChemicalQDevice is a San Diego for-profit small business preparing an investigator-initiated Phase 1 study in resectable and borderline-resectable KRAS G12-mutated pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: perioperative daraxonrasib with a staged robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy and an advisory-only on-premises large language model. The FDA approved Rasonque (daraxonrasib) in the metastatic setting on August 26, 2026; the perioperative use in resectable disease remains investigational and still requires an investigational new drug application. The company seeks federal support and may require drug support from the agent's developer, with whom no agreement of any kind exists.

Ten items I would want a coordinated call to cover.

1. Product and software classification: drug, device, software, or a combination.
2. Investigational new drug and investigational device exemption strategy.
3. Protocol and informed consent development against institutional templates.
4. Institutional review board preparation.
5. A data and safety monitoring plan.
6. Data and safety monitoring board support.
7. A monitoring plan.
8. A site activation checklist.
9. ClinicalTrials.gov registration support.
10. A determination of which party is capable of serving as sponsor-investigator.

Item ten is the one that gates the other nine, and I would rather have it settled before a protocol is finalized than after. The regulatory strategy, the site responsibilities and the budget have to be internally consistent with whatever that determination is, and today they are consistent only with my assumption about it.

One related question for the Office of Clinical Trials Administration, copied here. Before any confidential engineering detail or unpublished manufacturer information is shared, a confidentiality agreement needs to be in place. The project is investigator-authored, seeks federal support, has a for-profit applicant, and may involve a third-party drug developer. Which route should that agreement follow: the Office of Clinical Trials Administration, the Office of Contract and Grant Administration, Sponsored Projects, or a coordinated combination of those offices?

I am not asking UC San Diego to endorse a grant application, to commit to hosting, or to agree to anything. No agreement of any kind exists and UC San Diego is not described anywhere as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser. I have separately asked Moores Cancer Center leadership for a routing decision on the appropriate site principal investigator, and I am approaching Scripps in parallel by a different route.

Target week for a first coordinated call: [insert the week the chief executive approves]

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 04Sep26-site-and-partner.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Twelve pages. Sections 1 and 3 are the ones relevant to this request.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
2. Investigational New Drug Application, Phase 1 PDAC.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21097442

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- FDA Office of Combination Products, Request for Designation and Pre-RFD.
  https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/about-office-combination-products
- 21 CFR Part 312, Investigational New Drug Application.
  https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-21/chapter-I/subchapter-D/part-312

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both addresses against
  funding/potential-partners/UC-San-Diego/priority-steps.md §7 and §8, and
  against the current institutional directory on the day of sending.
- Insert the approved target week. Do not send with the bracket unresolved.
- Confirm item ten is stated as the gating item and is not buried in the list.
- Confirm no confidential engineering detail is present in the letter or the
  attachment. The confidentiality route is a question here, not an assumption.
- Confirm the letter does not ask for an endorsement or a hosting commitment.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human, and none implies
  the approval covers the perioperative use.
- Confirm no manufacturer, model, arm count, or software version is asserted.
