FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: dsimeone@health.ucsd.edu, ktrulock@health.ucsd.edu

CC: cancercto@ucsd.edu, rewhite@ucsd.edu, gbotta@ucsd.edu

SUBJECT: Routing request - perioperative RAS inhibitor and robotic Whipple feasibility, following an August 2026 inquiry to Moores

=== BODY ===
Dear Dr. Simeone and Ms. Trulock,

I am writing to ask for a routing decision rather than for an endorsement, and I
have kept this letter short for that reason.

In early August 2026 I sent Moores Cancer Center a request for a 45-minute
in-person feasibility meeting regarding an investigator-initiated Phase 1 study:
perioperative daraxonrasib with a staged robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy and an
advisory-only on-premises large language model, in resectable and
borderline-resectable KRAS G12-mutated pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. That
request went to Dr. White, Dr. Botta, and the Clinical Trials Office, who are
copied here.

Since then one external fact has changed. On August 26, 2026 the FDA approved
Rasonque (daraxonrasib) as the first-in-class targeted therapy for metastatic
pancreatic cancer. The perioperative use in resectable disease that I propose is
not the approved setting and remains investigational, and an investigational new
drug application would still be required. What the approval changes is the supply
and comparator conversation, which is a feasibility question rather than a
scientific one, and which is exactly the kind of question a first meeting settles.

What I am asking you for is a name. Specifically: who is the appropriate
pancreatic surgery site principal investigator and clinical trial operations
contact for a study of this shape, sponsored by a small San Diego company.

What I am not asking for. I am not asking Moores or UC San Diego to endorse a
grant application, to commit to hosting, or to agree to anything. I am not asking
senior leadership to form a view before a surgeon, a medical oncologist, and the
trials office have reviewed basic feasibility, because that is the wrong order
and I would rather wait than get an answer out of sequence.

Two things I owe you in return for a routing decision.

First, I am approaching Scripps in parallel on the same day, by way of the
Scripps Research Digital Trials Center. I am telling you because you will find
out, and because neither institution is being asked for exclusivity and neither
is being described to the other as preferred.

Second, no confidential engineering detail is in this letter or in the attached
document, and none will be sent before a confidentiality agreement is in place. I
have asked the Office of Clinical Trials Administration separately which
contracting route that agreement should follow.

If a 45-minute meeting in the week of the target date below is possible, I would
be grateful. If a different route is the right one, I will take it.

Target week for a first meeting: [insert the week the chief executive approves]

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 04Sep26-site-and-partner.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Thirteen pages. No DOI is asserted for this document.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
2. Investigational New Drug Application, Phase 1 PDAC.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21097442

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- FDA. FDA Approves First-in-Class Targeted Therapy for Metastatic Pancreatic
  Cancer. August 26, 2026.
  https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-class-targeted-therapy-metastatic-pancreatic-cancer
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm all five addresses against
  funding/potential-partners/UC-San-Diego/priority-steps.md §3 and §4, and
  against the current institutional directory on the day of sending.
- Insert the approved target week. Do not send this letter with the bracket
  unresolved.
- Confirm the August 2026 request described in paragraph two matches the letter
  actually sent, at
  funding/pdac-funding-applications/applications/app-10-ucsd-moores-engine.
- Confirm the letter asks for a name and not for an endorsement.
- Confirm the parallel Scripps approach is disclosed, and that Scripps is not
  described as preferred or as secondary.
- Confirm no manufacturer, model, arm count, or software version is asserted.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human, and none implies
  the approval covers the perioperative use.
- Confirm no engineering detail is present in the letter or the attachment.
- Do not send before the Scripps letter. Send both within the same hour, so
  neither institution learns of the other second-hand.
