FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: ctep_ic@mail.nih.gov

CC: ncictephelp@mail.nih.gov

SUBJECT: Follow-up to August 2026 concept submission - is perioperative use of a newly approved RAS(ON) agent inside or outside the CTEP concept pathway

=== BODY ===
Dear CTEP Investigator-Initiated Concept Staff,

I submitted a concept to this program in early August 2026 titled "Perioperative
Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in Resectable KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal
Adenocarcinoma." I am writing with one question that the concept as submitted
could not have asked, because the fact it turns on did not yet exist.

On August 26, 2026 the FDA approved Rasonque (daraxonrasib) as the first-in-class
targeted therapy for metastatic pancreatic cancer. My concept proposes the agent
perioperatively in resectable and borderline-resectable disease, which is not the
approved setting and remains investigational.

The question is a routing question rather than a scientific one.

An agent that is investigational everywhere and an agent that is approved in one
setting and investigational in another are not the same object from a program
office's point of view. The supply route differs, the comparator conversation
differs, and the relationship with the agent's developer differs. I would rather
ask which pathway this now belongs in than assume the answer and submit into the
wrong queue.

The clinical content of the concept is unchanged and I will restate it in three
sentences so this letter stands on its own. The design is a Phase 1, open-label,
single-arm, 3+3 dose escalation in up to 18 participants with resectable or
borderline-resectable KRAS G12-mutated pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. It
combines perioperative daraxonrasib with a staged robotic
pancreaticoduodenectomy and an on-premises large language model whose output is
strictly advisory, with no path to the robotic arms and surgeon approval of every
motion. Co-primary endpoints are 30-day device-related or procedure-related
serious adverse events, dose-limiting toxicity with determination of the maximum
tolerated dose or recommended Phase 2 dose, and completion of protocol-assigned
robotic tasks without unsafe conversion.

The supporting quantitative material is published and each item carries the
limitation its own authors stated. A ten-arm quantitative systems pharmacology
simulation returned 12.8 months median overall survival against 5.4 for
chemotherapy, assuming no acquired resistance and ideal pharmacodynamics. A
1000-patient digital twin returned 12.1 months and a progression-free hazard
ratio of 0.31, with no patient-specific pharmacokinetic or tumor growth
parameters and a simple Emax model. A verification, validation, and uncertainty
quantification exercise across 55 tests returned a credibility score of 81.9
against the ASME V and V 40 framework, which is a pre-trial credibility score and
not a post-trial validation.

Two questions.

First, with the agent now approved in the metastatic setting, does a
perioperative concept in resectable disease remain inside the CTEP
investigator-initiated concept pathway, or would the program direct it to a
different route?

Second, if it remains inside, does the approval change what CTEP expects an
investigator to have settled with the agent's developer before a concept is
reviewed?

I would welcome a short call at your convenience.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 02Sep26-approval-dividend.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Thirteen pages. No DOI is asserted for this document.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
2. Investigational New Drug Application, Phase 1 PDAC.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21097442
3. QSP Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer AI Clinical Trial Simulation.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17001137

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- FDA. FDA Approves First-in-Class Targeted Therapy for Metastatic Pancreatic
  Cancer. August 26, 2026.
  https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-class-targeted-therapy-metastatic-pancreatic-cancer
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both addresses against the current CTEP contact page on the day of
  sending.
- Confirm the concept title in the opening paragraph matches the title on the
  August submission exactly, character for character.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human.
- Confirm no sentence implies the approval covers the perioperative use.
- Confirm each of the three quantitative items is stated with the limitation its
  own authors gave it, in the same sentence.
- Confirm no manufacturer, model, arm count, or software version is asserted.
- Confirm no institution is described as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
- Do not describe any conversation with the agent's developer as having occurred.
  None has.
