FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: ARPA-H-BAA@arpa-h.gov

CC: info@arpa-h.gov

SUBJECT: Follow-up to August 2026 mission office outline - gate 1 can be reduced in scope and cost now that the RAS(ON) agent is approved

=== BODY ===
Dear ARPA-H Mission Office,

I submitted an outline to this office in early August 2026 proposing a
three-gate, thirty-six-month program at $2,100,000 for physical AI in surgical
oncology: a governed advisory system supporting a robotic
pancreaticoduodenectomy with a perioperative RAS(ON) inhibitor in
KRAS-mutated pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. I am writing to propose a
reduction in that outline, not an expansion of it.

On August 26, 2026 the FDA approved Rasonque (daraxonrasib) for metastatic
pancreatic cancer. Gate 1 of my August outline was written to retire agent
uncertainty alongside workflow uncertainty. Half of what gate 1 was for has now
been retired externally, at no cost to this office, on a date any reviewer can
check.

I would rather tell you that than let a gate stand that is partly funding a
question already answered.

What I propose instead is a gate 1 that keeps only the workflow objectives: the
advisory system's verification harness, the human-authority boundary, and the
bench and simulation evidence that the surgeon retains control of every motion.
That is a narrower gate, it is shorter, and it costs less. The agent's
perioperative use in resectable disease remains investigational and still
requires an investigational new drug application, so nothing in the approval
removes the regulatory work; what it removes is the scenario in which the
program spends gate 1 money and the agent never clears.

Three points of substance, all of which were in the August outline and none of
which the approval changes.

The advisory boundary is enforced at the interface rather than by policy. The
model process holds no write credential to the data capture system and no route
to the robot control network. Arm-level stop is specified at 3 milliseconds and
system-wide stop at 500 milliseconds. The operating surgeon approves every
motion.

The evidence base is published and carries its own limitations. A ten-arm
quantitative systems pharmacology simulation returned 12.8 months median overall
survival against 5.4 for chemotherapy in August 2025; RASolute 302 reported 13.2
against 6.6 in May 2026 in previously treated metastatic disease. The proximity
is a chronology observation, not a validation claim, and the three material
differences are sample size, single agent against combination, and molecular
selection.

The program is executed by a small business without institutional indirect cost,
at a projected $36,330 per virtual trial run against an industry benchmark above
$120,000 per run.

Two questions.

First, would the mission office prefer a revised outline with a narrowed and
repriced gate 1, or is the existing three-gate structure the one you would rather
evaluate as filed?

Second, is there a program manager conversation available before I revise, so
that the revision answers your question rather than my guess at it?

I would welcome a short call at your convenience.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 02Sep26-approval-dividend.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Twelve pages. No DOI is asserted for this document.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. From Independent Scientist to Novel Performer: A Small-Business Operating,
   Milestone, and Capitalization Plan for a Phase 1 LLM-Advised Robotic Whipple.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21887807
2. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- FDA. FDA Approves First-in-Class Targeted Therapy for Metastatic Pancreatic
  Cancer. August 26, 2026.
  https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-class-targeted-therapy-metastatic-pancreatic-cancer
- Executive Order No. 14363, Launching the Genesis Mission. Federal Register,
  November 28, 2025.
  https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2025/11/28/2025-21665/launching-the-genesis-mission

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm the current submission address against the ARPA-H solicitations page on
  the day of sending. This office routes by open solicitation and the general
  mailbox is a fallback, not a substitute.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human.
- Confirm no sentence implies the approval covers the perioperative use, or that
  an investigational new drug application is no longer required.
- Confirm the proposed gate 1 reduction is stated as a proposal and never as a
  change already made to a filed outline.
- Confirm no manufacturer, model, arm count, or software version is asserted.
- Confirm the $36,330 figure is described as projected and not as estimated.
- Confirm no institution is described as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
