FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: seedinfo@nih.gov

CC: sbir@nih.gov

SUBJECT: Follow-up to August 2026 SBIR inquiry - approved RAS(ON) agent changes the Phase I feasibility question for a governed surgical advisory system

=== BODY ===
Dear NIH SEED and SBIR Program Staff,

I wrote to this office in early August 2026 as an independent scientist and small
business owner, asking whether the SBIR pathway was the right mechanism for a
governed surgical advisory system supporting a robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy
with a perioperative RAS(ON) inhibitor. That inquiry is on file under the title
"A Small-Business Path to a Governed Surgical Advisory System for the Robotic
Whipple." I am writing again because one fact in it has changed.

On August 26, 2026 the FDA approved Rasonque (daraxonrasib) as the first-in-class
targeted therapy for metastatic pancreatic cancer. The agent named throughout my
August inquiry as investigational is now approved, labeled, and commercially
supplied in that setting.

I want to be precise about what this does and does not change, because the
distinction is the whole substance of this letter.

It does not remove the investigational new drug application. The approval covers
the metastatic setting. My proposed use is perioperative, in resectable and
borderline-resectable disease, and remains investigational. Nothing in the
approval makes that use approved, and I describe it nowhere as approved.

What it does change is the composition of the risk a Phase I award would
underwrite. In August, an SBIR reviewer looking at this program saw three risks
stacked: whether the agent would clear, whether the device and workflow were
feasible, and whether a small business could execute both. One of those three has
now resolved externally, on the public record, with a date a reviewer can check.
The remaining risk is device and workflow, which is the risk an SBIR Phase I is
designed to retire.

There is a second change and it is one I state carefully. In June 2025, fourteen
months before the approval, this company's method identified a daraxonrasib
combination as its lead candidate from a forty-meta-analysis review of pancreatic
ductal adenocarcinoma literature, and in August 2025 a ten-arm quantitative
systems pharmacology simulation returned median overall survival of 12.8 months
against 5.4 for chemotherapy. In May 2026 the RASolute 302 trial reported 13.2
months against 6.6 in the RAS G12 population of previously treated metastatic
disease. The simulated ratio was 2.4-fold and the observed ratio was 2.0-fold.
That proximity is a chronology observation and a hypothesis-supporting one. It is
not a validation claim, and three differences are material: 1000 simulated
against 241 enrolled, a combination against a single agent, and KRAS G12C against
a primarily G12D and G12V population. I have carried those three sentences in the
same paragraph as those numbers in every document I have sent this office, and I
carry them here.

The attached packet sets out the Phase I scope at $306,000 over nine months and
the Phase II follow-on at $1,300,000 over twenty-four months, unchanged from the
August inquiry, together with the five milestones inside Phase I and the four
guards on the Phase I to Phase II transition.

Two questions.

First, does an approved agent change the feasibility bar the SBIR program applies
to a combined drug, device, and software workflow, or is the bar set on the
device and software components alone regardless of the agent's status?

Second, is there a pre-application conversation available before the next
receipt date, for an applicant whose Phase I aim is the verification and
governance layer rather than the agent?

I would welcome a short call at your convenience.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 02Sep26-approval-dividend.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Fourteen pages. No DOI is asserted for this document.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. From Independent Scientist to Novel Performer: A Small-Business Operating,
   Milestone, and Capitalization Plan for a Phase 1 LLM-Advised Robotic Whipple.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21887807
   (Local copy: funding/capitalization-plan/final-capital/publication/)
2. Clinical Trial Funding Application v2.0, RFA-RM-27-001, Kawchak K.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21317266
3. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- FDA. FDA Approves First-in-Class Targeted Therapy for Metastatic Pancreatic
  Cancer. August 26, 2026.
  https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-class-targeted-therapy-metastatic-pancreatic-cancer
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555
  (Do not attach the publisher PDF; link it in the body if asked.)

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both addresses against the NIH SEED contact page on the day of sending.
  Program mailboxes change and a bounced inquiry is not resubmitted
  automatically.
- Confirm the compiled PDF opens and that every DOI link in it resolves.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human. It is approved in
  the metastatic setting and was in Phase 3 evaluation before that.
- Confirm no sentence implies the approval covers the perioperative use, or that
  an investigational new drug application is no longer required.
- Confirm no manufacturer, model, arm count, or software version is asserted for
  the robotic platform. The configuration is specified at the site agreement.
- Confirm no institution is described as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
- Confirm the SBA Company Registry control number is current before sending, per
  forms/form-02-sba-company-registry.md in this day directory.
- Total attachment size should stay under 10 MB; if it does not, send items 2 and
  3 as DOI links rather than files.
