REPLY TO A RESPONSE RECEIVED. This letter answers a substantive reply from the
Chief of the Investigational Drug Branch, Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program, to
letter 03 of this day. It is the more consequential of the two replies received,
because it does not answer the question that was asked; it corrects the shape of
the question, and the correction changes the program's route.

FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: steven.gore@nih.gov

CC: mroczkowskib@mail.nih.gov, nicole.pultar@nih.gov

SUBJECT: Re: Follow-up to August 2026 concept submission - is perioperative use of a newly approved RAS(ON) agent inside or outside the CTEP concept pathway

=== BODY ===
Dear Dr. Gore,

Thank you for a reply that was more useful than the answer I asked for. Yes, I would very much like the call, and I am grateful to Dr. Mroczkowski for routing the query to you.

Before we speak I want to write down what your note told me, because I would rather show you that I understood it than have you explain it twice.

My framing was wrong in two ways, and both are structural rather than negotiable.

First, I described a company bringing a concept to CTEP. My company is not the drug company. ChemicalQDevice develops a governed, advisory-only software layer and the regulatory and protocol documentation around it; the agent belongs to its developer, and a cooperative research and development agreement covering that agent is theirs to enter and not something I am in a position to bring about. I had been treating the drug relationship as one dependency among several. It is the entry condition, and it is not mine.

Second, and more fundamentally: all CTEP trials are investigator-initiated. A concept that originates with a company is the wrong shape by construction, no matter how complete the documentation behind it is. I had read the investigator-initiated pathway as a description of who typically submits. It is a description of what the program is.

What that changes on my side, immediately. I have been approaching an academic cancer center at the feasibility stage, and I had it sequenced as one step among several. Your note makes it the precondition. If a perioperative concept in resectable disease has a CTEP route at all, the concept belongs to a qualified investigator at an institution, my company's role narrows to the advisory software component and the documentation, and I am a contributor rather than a sponsor of the idea. That is a smaller role than the one I wrote to you about, and I would rather occupy the correct small role than argue for the wrong large one.

Two questions for the call, both narrow, and neither an appeal.

First, where does an advisory-only software component sit in a CTEP-supported investigator-initiated trial? The system I have built produces text recommendations to an operating surgeon, holds no write credential to the data capture system and no route to the robot control network, and controls no equipment. I do not know whether that is in scope for a CTEP trial at all, whether it travels as an ancillary study, or whether it needs a separate device pathway that runs alongside rather than inside.

Second, if a site investigator brought a perioperative concept forward independently, what would CTEP want to see from them, and at what stage? I ask so that I can be useful to such an investigator rather than a complication for them, and so that anything I hand them is in the form your program actually reads.

One commitment, offered without being asked for. I will not represent to anyone, including the agent's developer, that NCI or CTEP has an interest in this program. Nothing in your note is a commitment of any kind and I will not describe it as one.

I am available at your convenience and can work around your calendar. A half hour would be more than enough.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 02Sep26-approval-dividend.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Fourteen pages. No DOI is asserted for this document. Sections 1 and 3 are
   the only ones relevant to this call: what changed on August 26, 2026, and the
   six checkable quantities with the limitation each set of authors stated.
2. component-and-role-map.pdf, one page.
   Assemble from briefs/brief-01-approval-delta.md in this day directory, the
   advisory boundary paragraph and the four items the approval does not change.
   State four things and nothing else: which component belongs to the agent's
   developer, which to a clinical site, which to this company, and which to
   nobody yet. This is the attachment that answers his structural point, and it
   is the one worth reading before the call.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. A one-page nonconfidential overview of the advisory software component only.
   Not the trial, not the drug, not the capital. The software is the part of
   this that a CTEP conversation can actually place, and sending the whole
   program invites the reply that the whole program is the wrong shape, which he
   has already given.
2. Send ONLY IF ASKED on the call, not with this letter:
   - On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
     Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
     https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
   - Investigational New Drug Application, Phase 1 PDAC.
     https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21097442

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- NCI Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program, investigator-initiated trials and the
  CRADA framework. https://ctep.cancer.gov/
- NCI Experimental Therapeutics (NExT) Program.
  https://next.cancer.gov/
- FDA. FDA Approves First-in-Class Targeted Therapy for Metastatic Pancreatic
  Cancer. August 26, 2026.
  https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-class-targeted-therapy-metastatic-pancreatic-cancer

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm all three addresses against the current CTEP contact page on the day
  of sending.
- Reply inside the original thread so the subject matches and his note sits one
  scroll above the answer.
- DO NOT RESTATE, HERE OR ANYWHERE ELSE, what his reply said about the program's
  existing discussions with the agent's developer. He volunteered it in an
  informal reply; it is a third party's commercial information, it is not this
  company's to circulate, and this file sits in a public repository. In
  particular, do not mention it to the developer, whose own first-contact letter
  is at funding/auto-fund/03Sep26/emails/email-01. Nothing in that letter
  should change because of this reply.
- Confirm the letter concedes the two structural points plainly and asks for no
  exception to either. A reply that argues with a program chief about what his
  program is will be the last reply.
- Confirm the two questions are about routing and scope, not about the merits of
  the science. He offered to explain nuances, not to review a proposal.
- Confirm the commitment paragraph is present and unedited. It is the sentence
  that makes the rest of the letter safe to write.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human, and none implies
  the August 2026 approval covers the perioperative use in resectable disease.
- Confirm no institution is described as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
  The academic cancer center is described as approached at the feasibility stage
  and nothing more; no agreement of any kind exists.
- Confirm no sentence claims a CRADA is in progress, contemplated, or available
  to this company. It is not.
- Do not attach the capital sections. A program chief who has just explained
  that his program does not take company-originated concepts should not receive
  a document about how the company is financed.
