REPLY TO A RESPONSE RECEIVED. This letter answers a reply from the Program Leader
of the High-Risk, High-Reward Research Program, Office of Strategic Coordination,
Common Fund, to letter 04 of this day. Her note draws one boundary that this
reply respects exactly: she offered to discuss the award and explicitly not the
research, so no sentence below describes the science.

FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: patricia.labosky@nih.gov

CC: commonfund@mail.nih.gov, HRHR@od.nih.gov

SUBJECT: Re: RFA-RM-27-001 follow-up - registration status, and three questions about the award only

=== BODY ===
Dear Dr. Labosky,

Thank you, and yes to a meeting. I have read the resources you pointed to first,
so that the meeting can be spent on what they do not answer.

To close your parenthetical: the company is ChemicalQDevice LLC, a California
limited liability company formed in October 2021. I am its chief executive and
its sole member.

Where the registrations stand, stated as they actually are rather than as I would
like them to be. The entity registration, the Grants.gov organization
registration, and the eRA Commons organization registration are in progress
rather than complete. I have built them as a sequence because they depend on each
other in that order, and because the guidance is explicit that they can take six
weeks or longer, which is why they are underway now rather than at a receipt
date. Two details from the guidance I want you to know I did not miss: that
occupying both the Signing Official and the Program Director or Principal
Investigator roles requires two separate eRA Commons accounts rather than one
account carrying two roles, and that the Authorized Organization Representative
approval is granted by the entity's own eBiz point of contact rather than by the
portal. I have read the frequently asked questions, the Application and Award
Guidance page including both sample applications, and the archived webinar.

The sentence in your note I have spent the most time on is not about
registration. It is that an eligible institution or company must agree to house
and support the research. Registering is a form; housing and supporting a
clinical study is a commitment, and those are different things that the same
paperwork can make look alike. I would rather find out from you whether my
company can honestly make the second one than discover at review that it cannot.

Three questions, all about the award and none about the research.

First, does "house and support" have a defined threshold for a small-business
applicant when the clinical work would take place at an academic site under a
separate agreement? I want to understand what the applicant is certifying,
because I do not want to certify something I cannot deliver.

Second, does the 51 percent research effort expectation in years one through
three apply exactly as written when the Program Director or Principal
Investigator is also the chief executive of the applicant small business, or is
there an established treatment for that case?

Third, if the alternative you describe were taken and a partner institution
applied with me as Program Director or Principal Investigator, does anything in
review, eligibility, or administration differ from an application submitted by
the company itself? I ask because the choice between those two routes should be
made on the mechanics rather than on my guess about them.

I am available at your convenience, in whatever length suits you; I expect these
three take twenty minutes. I will not raise the research in the meeting, per your
note, and I will come with nothing to defend.

Thank you again for a reply that told me what to read before asking.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice LLC
San Diego, California
kevink@chemicalqdevice.com
ORCID 0009-0007-5457-8667
=== END BODY ===

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. 02Sep26-approval-dividend.pdf
   Compile from packet/main.tex in this day directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Fourteen pages. No DOI is asserted for this document. Sent for the file
   rather than for the meeting, and the covering line should say so: she offered
   to discuss the award and not the research, and an attachment arriving without
   that qualification reads as an attempt to reopen the boundary she drew.
2. registration-status-sheet.pdf, one page.
   Assemble from forms/form-01-sam-gov-entity-validation.md and
   forms/form-02-sba-company-registry.md in this day directory. One row per
   registration: entity registration, Unique Entity Identifier, Grants.gov
   organization, eRA Commons organization, the two separate eRA Commons
   accounts, the Authorized Organization Representative approval, the ORCID
   link, and the SBA Company Registry control number. One column for status and
   one for the date each was started. This is the attachment that makes the
   third paragraph of the letter checkable rather than assertable.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. None. Nothing scientific is attached to this letter, by her boundary and by
   choice. Every deposited work is public and can be linked if she ever asks,
   and none of it is relevant to the three questions.

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- NIH Common Fund High-Risk, High-Reward Research Program.
  https://commonfund.nih.gov/highrisk
- NIH Director's Pioneer Award.
  https://commonfund.nih.gov/pioneer
- eRA Commons. https://commons.era.nih.gov
- Grants.gov organization registration. https://www.grants.gov

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm the address is patricia.labosky@nih.gov. Confirm all three addresses
  against the current High-Risk, High-Reward contact page on the day of sending.
- Reply inside the original thread so the subject matches and her note is one
  scroll above the answer.
- Confirm the registration paragraph is TRUE on the day of sending. If any of
  the three registrations has completed since this letter was drafted, say
  complete; if any has not been started, say not started. A program leader who
  discovers that "in progress" meant "not begun" will remember it, and the whole
  value of the paragraph is that it can be checked against the attached sheet.
- Confirm the attached registration status sheet agrees with the paragraph line
  for line. A letter and its own attachment disagreeing is worse than neither.
- Confirm all three questions are about the award. Delete any sentence that
  drifts into the science, the agent, the workflow, or the trial design. She
  drew that boundary in one sentence and honoring it exactly is the cheapest
  credibility available in this exchange.
- Confirm the letter states which resources were actually read, and that they
  were actually read. Do not name the webinar unless it has been watched.
- Confirm the covering line qualifies the packet attachment as being for the
  file rather than for the meeting.
- Confirm no institution is described as a partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
  Her note raises an academic cancer center as a possible applicant; this reply
  refers to that only as the route she described, and no agreement of any kind
  exists.
- Confirm no sentence describes daraxonrasib as first in human, and none implies
  the August 2026 approval covers the perioperative use. Neither should appear
  at all in a letter that discusses only the award.
