FROM: kevink@chemicalqdevice.com

TO: HRHR@od.nih.gov
CC: commonfund@mail.nih.gov

SUBJECT: Pioneer Award inquiry - independent scientist, Phase 1 first-in-human LLM-advised robotic Whipple with daraxonrasib in KRAS-mutated PDAC

--- BODY ---
Dear NIH Director's Pioneer Award Program Staff,

I am writing as an independent scientist to ask whether the Director's Pioneer
Award is the right mechanism for a Phase 1, first-in-human pancreatic cancer
study I have prepared alone, and to request guidance on the next step before a
formal application window.

The White House report "Science: A New Golden Age" (July 2026) asks the federal
research portfolio, roughly $200 billion annually, to prioritize the individual
scientist over legacy institutions, and it names the Director's Pioneer Award by
title as the model for the long-horizon individual grants it wants scaled. This
inquiry is written against that position. Over fourteen months, working from a
single public repository and without institutional support or indirect cost, I
have produced a Phase 1 protocol, a Phase 2 protocol, an Investigational New Drug
application, two prior funding applications, five legislative drafts, and four
guidance works. Three quantitative pancreatic cancer trial simulations were
completed at roughly one thirtieth of the industry cost benchmark per run.

The proposed study is a Phase 1, open-label, single-arm, 3+3 dose escalation in
up to 18 participants with resectable or borderline-resectable KRAS G12-mutated
pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. It combines perioperative daraxonrasib
(RMC-6236) with a staged eight-arm robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy and an
on-premises large language model whose output is strictly advisory. The model has
no path to the robotic arms, the operating surgeon approves every motion, and
arm-level stop is specified at 3 milliseconds with system-wide stop at 500
milliseconds. Co-primary endpoints are 30-day device- or procedure-related
serious adverse events, dose-limiting toxicity with determination of the maximum
tolerated dose or recommended Phase 2 dose, and completion of protocol-assigned
robotic tasks without unsafe conversion.

The attached five-page document sets out the fit to the mechanism, the
quantitative evidence, the governance boundaries, and a five-year milestone and
go/no-go schedule at $700,000 per year. I intend to partner at UC San Diego
Moores Cancer Center, approached at the feasibility stage only; UC San Diego is
not a sponsor, site, or endorser of this work, and I describe it nowhere as one.

Two specific questions. First, does a first-in-human combined drug and device
study of this shape fall inside the Pioneer Award's scope, or would the Common
Fund direct it elsewhere? Second, is there a pre-application conversation
available to an applicant who is not affiliated with a degree-granting
institution?

I would welcome a short call at your convenience.

Sincerely,
CEO Kevin Kawchak
ChemicalQDevice
July 10th, 2026
--- END BODY ---

ATTACHMENTS COMPILED FROM THIS DIRECTORY
1. app-01-nih-pioneer-award.pdf
   Compile from main.tex in this directory:
   pdflatex main -> bibtex main -> pdflatex main -> pdflatex main
   Five pages. No DOI is asserted for this document.

ATTACHMENTS THE AUTHOR MUST ADD BY HAND
1. Clinical Trial Funding Application v2.0, RFA-RM-27-001, Kawchak K.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.21317266
   (Local copy: funding/pdfs/Clinical Trial Funding Application v2.0,
   RFA-RM-27-001, Kawchak K..pdf)
2. On-Premises LLM-Directed Robotic Pancreaticoduodenectomy with Perioperative
   Daraxonrasib (RMC-6236) in KRAS-Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20780121
3. Oncology Trial PI LLM Adoption Guide.
   https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.20843290

EXTERNAL WORK TO CITE BUT NOT ATTACH
- O'Reilly EM et al. Daraxonrasib or Chemotherapy in Previously Treated
  Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2026.
  https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa2605555
  (Do not attach the publisher PDF; link it in the body if asked.)

BEFORE SENDING
- Confirm both recipient addresses against the NIH Common Fund High-Risk,
  High-Reward Research contact page on the day of sending. Program mailboxes
  change, and a bounced inquiry is not resubmitted automatically.
- Confirm the compiled PDF is five pages and that every DOI link opens.
- Confirm no sentence in the body or the attachment describes UC San Diego as a
  partner, sponsor, site, or endorser.
- Total attachment size should stay under 10 MB; if it does not, send items 2
  and 3 as DOI links rather than files.
